What's up Dumbledore flim flammers how you doing tonight as you can see we got
a lot of a lot of chairs up here because we got a whole lot of show you
excited for number 300 everybody
we should get everybody up on stage and do the Spencer dance all right the
dynasty typewriter at the Hayworth in beautiful MacArthur Park Los Angeles the
three hundredth Harmontown is now in session
Spencer Crittenden everybody
let's have Spencer why do we have bells we know about this to buzz in all
right you got more candles more candles I got subtle accessories speaking of
accessories let's bring out the mayor of Harmontown mr. Dan Harmon
things are being knocked off let's bring it back from there we don't want
to do that till like the end of the concert if anything I mean isn't it
ironic that you I tried to telegraph to you for a teachable moment it's it's an
act of cowardice to kick over a chair that you've tripped over it would have
been brave for me to say I tripped over a chair that would have been the the
machismo move but I did what a rock and roller sometimes does cornered by their
own glory I was like yeah I meant to I hate chairs oh boy I threw it on the
ground speaking of irony paradoxes is the plural of paradox paradoxes what
is it paradoxes okay welcome to the 300th episode of a thing that we never
planned and we knew and you would be the only person that has been for all 300 I
would say that's probably inaccurate yeah I never really thought about that I'm
sure I miss 50 or so yeah even Carson could like not show up for a couple but
like it wasn't called Carson town you have no Joan Rivers but it was called
the late show with Johnny Carson so and he did but but you know what I can't
either maybe I just can't fill these shoes can't do it the subscribers would
revolt yeah we still have some some shoes subscribers oh yeah yeah I'm sure we
do I thank you for those of you who are newcomers those of you have been here
with us and followed us through all our venues what a I guess tonight's gonna be
a night of probably remembrance unavoidably one of the what one of the
weird ironies of the show is that we probably do a little too much recapping
anyway by accident because we're like middle-aged alcoholics that are
casually repeating ourselves like let's do a clip show you guys did that last
week you do you mean you retell that story about we definitely complained
about just listening to podcasts last week
Schrab made a big deal about that being a bad thing to do right and we do
actually for his enjoyment we have some clips of our own show tonight to play
for him he'll love it yeah he probably won't disrupt it at all
oh we've got we I didn't want to go overboard with the guests you know I did
like like what do you you know we go let's get Doug Henning out here that was
a magician yeah whatever it was like I think I think I think probably under
200th or our 100th we've probably had the same like I'm always like we'll get
us our our progenitor the person without whom we we wouldn't have I wouldn't
have started doing the podcast and we'll we'll bring her and her her husband
kind of comes along with her wherever she goes it's kind of a tag along we'll
bring her out in a second but I first wanted to before she comes out I wanted
to keep it classy and talk to you about the fact that I'm shitting my brains out
right now yeah I I I right now something well something is happening to me
classy something beautiful it's like I think I might be dying only because I'm
experiencing for the first time in my life just pure diarrhea without any other
symptoms so it's like like you just say listen to your ass is just a faucet like
I don't have a fever I don't have I don't I don't have a tummy ache even I
just have like a like I'll eat a cracker and my body will go you want to turn
that into four ounces of water and then the irony is I drink anything I'm even
testing the theory I can drink anything I'm drinking a course light right now
like I like it doesn't do anything with that but there's pizza backstage and I
was like I know I can't nibble that or it or my body will go into this juicer
mode I have no idea what's happening has been happening all weekend and then it
was I'm surviving on a modium and what's up you know what it means you're
in love that's more plausible than Dave Kline's theory which is that my body is
shitting out all its fat and like Dave okay it's possible to do that why I don't
gazelle do that while they're running from a tiger I adore Dave Kline Dave
he's sitting right near me I think last week we proved that he has no actual
qualifications as a trainer that's that sounds that sounds pejorative a bunch of
drug addicts came on stage and you were the most fit person on the whole well
that sounds like a qualification right there he's getting the job done and I
would never work with whatever you think in your head is a legitimate trainer
fuck that guy I wouldn't work with him so like I'm working with the only guy
that I would ever be this long into working out and still show up every
every time like I would I would have bailed so long ago on like any kind of
like I don't want to say real because it makes you sound unreal I although
sometimes I believe that I'm the only one that could see you but like but I
there's absolutely no way there's no way I would ever do a fucking like the
fucking trainer that's like supposedly like the real thing I had to go with Dave
Klein all right anyways and I'm gonna live like five years longer at least
because of it unless I shit out my soul tonight I don't know if I did I run over
a gypsy baby yeah you don't remember that oh don't do that don't do that that
I'll give you the diaries right away yeah it's just I think what Spencer and I
our theory is just so you don't panic at home tonight my theory is his butt
thinks it's his dick he keeps peeing out his butt you sorry what was our theory
you've made up that theory you're trying to appeal to a demographic which
demographic would that be our theory was that because I've been eating on these
protein bars like I got these oh yeah I just like these peanut butter protein
bars and I think there's like there's so my body has taken in so much like fake
alcohol-based sugar like substitute that it finally got to a typical part of
our bodies like so we live on the moon now like like like so you're just gonna
shit in a funnel right like like maybe I'll help you propel like like like I
think I think I think your body like if you starve it your body goes into
ketosis if you you know your body reacts to certain things it's taking in your
body goes okay so we're obviously being hunted right now so here's how I'll
react right and when you're on the moon if you I think if you eat enough of
this like synthetic like protein bar your body eventually goes so we're
moon rakers like like let's just poop liquid I don't know I thought you guys
would enjoy that theory but like but I don't want to you know look part of our
300th episode is gonna be a recalibration of our social contract I'm sorry if
sometimes I let you know after you don't react to something that you should have
reacted to it I never mean to do that to you you know Tolstoy towards the end of
his life he kept a diary and towards the end of his life a lot of his entry is
just about pooping right so you're turning into Tolstoy so you're in good
literary company right I'm not gonna connect the dots between diary and
diarrhea I'm not gonna do it cuz I'm like a craftsman like I don't I don't just
connect whatever dots there yeah that would be dumb yeah I don't think there's
anything else before we start bringing out friends and just looking back oh
here's a boy if you didn't like the last thing I thought you'd laugh at you'll
love not laughing at this here we go the ultimate paradox I thought as I was
getting dressed this morning the more slimming your shirt color the more
dandruff enhancing
she's like driving to work I'm like Jesus fucking dog hair and dandruff I'm
like why do you why do you have so many black shirts oh cuz you don't want to
look like you're fat you're trying to like be like the Venom suit and like you
you've fallen for that theory that if there's no color that you could like
that people won't see your body you'll be a shadow is it means I like I like
what's going on with your hair and your beard right now like I like I like the
whole design right now I put a little shampoo this morning and I so you got to
give it a couple days to oil back down but you but you but you you crossed over
recently into being almost completely gray-haired but the use like that happened
pretty fast for me or maybe I just haven't seen you that much yeah I like it
you look great that's you look like that like you look like one of the
captains of like the deadliest catch yeah the deadliest catch of all life
you know that crab trap comes up oh it's full of death it's full of it's full
of sands of time 300 miles off the bearing to see I can't remember what
the fuck all right and it's actually sponsored by Coors light so you're
fricking right in it right now you got well let's roll into our other
unofficial sponsor some of our illustrious alumnus yeah yeah honestly for
real like like I never I never would have the podcast thing I never would have
done it she said one night at the roost you should do a podcast and then I kind
of resisted it for a while and did a show at nerd melt and and then started
doing it and and she's also the reason why your favorite person in the world
that you miss so much all the time is what used to be on the show before he
became so valuable to you that he had to go away and serve you from a different
tier of reality let's let's what what a charming intro I just want the audience
to know we're I don't hate him I hate the audience for loving him okay so you
okay so you hate one person now you hate 100 people we all know if you watch
this show or if you've ever been to the reddit that the dog whistle for I hate
Harmontown is I miss Kumail like let's bring out come on John and Emily Gordon
everybody
Kumail did you hear that Dan hates you yeah no I heard he knew I think you
resents you it's different he resents is a compliment hates you is like fuck
this guy resents is like Lucifer talking about God Wow Wow that's crazy you
really that's like the highest form of flattery I resent him
why the audience misses him that's a that's a fucking come on that's good
no I'm in I'm into it he doesn't like it quite a bit yeah I'm changing
microphones that one has a dent in it and I feel like I'm better than that
now old Kumail would have kept that microphone I'm not gonna have a fucking
dented microphone I'm God yeah well good luck with that
conehead do either of you guys we've really gotten into
unrelatable comedy now where we just talk about the lumpiness of the
microphones we're talking about don't do relatable because I tried to I was
trying to make them laugh by doing the meme of like I miss Kumail and it just
I guess people like think that these guys are on the reddit yeah I guess maybe
they were I used to be on the reddit oh that no don't be that Emily are you
proud or are you ashamed of what you've created over 300 episodes
both is both an option always I mean what a crazy thing happy 300 episodes thank
you thank you amazing thing and the show you started out doing was we're all
gonna go to the moon right how will we survive there right and every week
explored that topic right that was the original conceit right look at like
that's where we started yeah and now it's 300 episodes later and Trump is
going to the moon and I don't want to dig a hole and hide and die which that
is easier than going to the moon yeah I like I listen I don't want to be the
odd one out but I I like Spencer's theory that your butt has become a dick it
just thinks it's a dick out of your penis because then we can be sure that
sounds oddly like satisfying like I know I genuinely said I'll never poop out
my penis well because I never know what that feels like aren't you picturing
like a like like what's it the soft sir the car max or what's the thing like
the car max the lip the lip balm like it's got the little tiny hole and then it
has like that really satisfying narrow like like the worm that comes out like
it's like really consistent and like you can like write with it if you were a
chef like I just I mean obviously you wouldn't need to wipe you just got a
q-tip and you're good to go car max would you have to squat for that or you
think you could do it standing oh you could do it standing these are questions
I can't answer speaking to Dan Dan Pupens there's something that you said
like sometimes things stick with you like when I'm shaving I remember comments
about shaving because it's a kind of a quiet moment or I'm washing my hair I'll
remember a line or a joke about washing air but you have haunted me with the
thing that you said that you can never wipe enough it's never done because
my my butt is like an endless can of shoe polish that is stuck with me and it
will stay with me until I have Alzheimer's well then someone sent me that
meme that was like I got from Parks and Rec like Chris Pratt the thing where he's
like it's like it's like wiping a magic marker it felt so so much seen you felt
seen yes like thank you and he and he was like thank you you stole that and I
was like no you probably still I don't who knows who stole what I mean what when
I wipe my ass it never stops great great minds think alike great asses wipe
alike speaking speaking of great minds we've had some wonderful ones on this
show I thought that's what Jeff was doing I
thought he was setting up a clip and you know we could we have a bunch of clips
right now that we can play up in the screen and you'll be able to hear them
if you're an audio listener as opposed to a video listener haha burn yeah let's
just test it I just want to try to see how it goes
computers on and the sound down for this next one here's a here's a little
clip of our friend of the podcast Rob Schrab wondering about space
exploration why don't we ever go down that's not
strong and that was that why don't we go down that's weird because really watch
their mouths moving that clip was longer than I remember yeah alright well we've
been keep we've here's something I've always wanted to know how come when we
when we when we go into space how come we've never gone down we're always going
to the moon I was going there always sending stuff out how come we don't go
down in the earth somebody what into the center of the earth no no no why don't
we ever go down yeah because when you make it go up we always go why do we
always go why do we always go well we're gonna go to we're gonna go to we're
gonna go to the moon and we're gonna go to Mars and then maybe we'll go out this
way might be right under us we could be a whole other solar system right under
us we never like an apartment complex maybe a sun under the sun even in
section it's like everybody you see some a rocket takes off it just goes left it
doesn't go we never go down you know and I think this is why the South Pole needs
a like like a rocket they teach you when you when you're making those let those
little like mobiles of the solar system is just a flat thing yeah why don't they
ever go down because then then you'd hit a baby but the that's because it's
based on a mobile mobile mobile oh shit we're we're
that's a day let's bring out Rob Schrab everybody Rob Schrab
happy is I thank you for the chair Dan yeah well we do we
do we try to do right by our whatever you are I I still don't know what I am
I you you said you didn't like the chair we got a chair I didn't I don't like I
don't like these tall chairs I don't like them either why don't you you're all
about going down right the chairs are too high for you I'm referencing the clip
we just watched haha by the way in case we play any more clips I did not want to
create the false impression that any clips we play it then the person in the
clip is gonna come out like that's not true at all we are absolutely tapped that's
it that's the end of that right out with like no one's coming that's not we're
not gonna be like here's Curtis Armstrong saying I like lost my shoe and
then he's gonna come out it's just gonna be a clip of him saying he lost his shoe
and then we go back to fucking asking Rob what's wrong with his nipples can I
Rob what's wrong with your nipples they're all fucked up man his nipples
are dicks yeah haha they do not return my text oh like their assholes not like
they're rude it's not like they're chapped they're not like penises no that
would be odd were you wearing a bathrobe in that clip yeah it was yes it
seemed like the kind of thing a guy would talk about what was it I think it was
just like Dan's like hey I'm coming to get you and I was like it was like Sunday
night and I was like fucking a man just gonna watch this I'm gonna eat that I'm
gonna lay here fuck me god damn it and then he makes me go do a show so I was
wearing bathrobes around the house yeah yeah well what do you wear I'm just
curious what your sleeping gear is what you're like relaxing usually just my
underwear and a t-shirt the underwear you've been wearing all day or is it a
fresh pair for the night I wear it all day you wear it all day and then you go
to sleep in it at night yeah why everybody does that don't you everyone
does that don't okay well it's weird on this no you know Dan and you know put on
nighttime undies you wear the daytime Monday's unless you're gonna have we'll
be doing laundry forever on Friday if we do that that is a double underwear are
you crazy you can buy underwear it's so cheap and it lasts forever away like
disposable underwear no I didn't say that Jesus no price all day you've been
wearing underwear and then you wear that you've changed yeah he's I change
underwear yes I also will change my socks halfway through the day you with you
you will it changes your life change your socks at like 2 p.m. it's like the day
just started this is also one person no this is smart I'm liking this well look
this is good I change on these oh Rob's down shops doing I drop my phone maybe the chair is not a
great idea yeah this is also a man who takes his shirt off when he goes to the
bathroom in a large way do you take your pants off sometimes I take my pants off
I leave my pants on and shit into them shirtless oh wait that's why you change
your underwear before you go to bed that's right by then I've already peed in
it multiple times and if I'm lucky pooped in it twice or thrice wait so did
Schrab Emily did you just announce that Kumail Nanjiani great of movie fame takes
his I'm not in fame takes his takes his shirt off to go poo I am a hundred percent
announcing that if it's gonna be a major one I get it are you afraid are you
afraid you're gonna poop on your shirt to me all of no I just want to be free I
even take my wedding I even take off my wedding ring I take off my wedding ring
because what we have is not part of this this is me with the wedding ring that I
gave you we gave it to each other do you do you has and I'm sorry to do this but
this is a question that affects me do you get mad if Camille forgets to flush
like I don't forget okay okay how can you forget I'm the first clue is there's
something in there this is a guy that changes outfits to go poo he's not gonna
forget the no no yeah okay he goes to Narnia to poop all right oh what did I
forget okay okay all right everybody just settle the fuck down all right so
and I've discussed this on the show before the last five years I've been
getting forgetting to flush the toilet oh it just started the last five years it
just started I blame Wi-Fi I think there's something in the air that is
affecting my brain oh so like the bees were getting lost yeah I read a
science paper it said that bees are getting lost and then some people are
forgetting to flush I think that Wi-Fi kills ghosts I think that's why we
don't see ghosts anymore I think you're right because there were ghosts and then
they got pulverized by all this electromagnetic radiation without bodies
to protect themselves you were saying there were ghosts until the late 90s
yeah absolutely there were you saw no I just know you know why I think there's
no ghosts why because it's it is because of Wi-Fi but here's why I like ghosts
ghosts can only walk around and they can't touch anything but think about it
we're all on our phones and iPads now so ghosts are like set they're like oh I'm
just gonna watch ABC news with this guy like they're ghosts are like they don't
have to be poltergeist they're like what's this tea kettle doing here this
isn't my watch tea kettle they're they're like Jesus Christ that's a great
tweet you know they're being entertained now yeah the ghosts are like
pacified because what do we know about ghosts they love petty yeah they get
hooked in by petty shit otherwise they go to fucking heaven when you die
there's a gateway that goes like rise above it and they're like no I'll do
the Twitter of fucking supernatural activity which is hang out here and
fucking monitor everything otherwise I might miss something who's living in my
apartment and then and then for everybody to be like hey look it's my
dick and balls the ghost is like fuck yeah okay that's a pretty good theory
that's not a bad theory so you're saying they're still around they're just
placated they're happy they're happy they're more like us now they're not
like who is this living in my house they're like oh it's one of me oh yeah
recognize game recognize game it's another floaty yeah non-person just like
drifting through the fucking earth like not knowing where to go so I have a
question is it possible that you just flushed it and it's not enough great
question that that that's sorry sorry I wanted to go back to get a very good
question so lately in order I've been trying really hard to flush to flush so
hard it's been it's a lot like a dream for getting forgetting is getting in
the way and and I but it's like I have so much anxiety to the point that I'll
be like like this morning I'll be driving to work and then I'll stop at a
stop sign and what oh shit and I'll text Kate going hey just in case flush the
toilet before you open open the lid or you close the lid there's your fucking
problem particles get on your toothbrush oh yeah that's a great reason to
flush you're you're remembering you're remembering poop particles enough to
close it in like a fucking mug why are you gonna get a window installed in the
lid of the toilet oh that could be good there you go that's it
there's fancy glass top toilet hi yeah like a glass top toilet or you could
remember to flush like every other fucking human being in the world you know
what you could get I bet you there's a lot of people out there that forget to
flush and it's more than that it's your anxiety about it is now the big deal
now it's a big deal because because I'll at the stoplight I'll text and I'll go
and it and it there's not even ellipses of like too late that was the prices
right yeah how people forget like oh did I leave the oven on or whatever you're
like yeah I like that too except I just it's yeah that happens to me where I
think I've left a straightening iron on but all every time we leave the house
okay that's true but I'd never leave on but you actually are leaving poop in
that toilet maybe an auto flusher like I air airport that could be but also you
have one of the most exotic toilets I've ever seen yeah it's a great toilet one
of those Japanese things that talks to you yeah water fountain dances I need to
upgrade I need to upgrade yeah you here I have an idea upgrade no don't upgrade
here's an idea down great you're saying Wi-Fi so you're on your phone and
that's the problem right you know about how long it's taking you to poop five
minutes ten minutes what is it what is what do you have to poo before you start
set an alarm and then go poo and then when the alarm goes off how was he gonna
remember to do that he can't remember to remember to poop I bet when you have to
go poop at that moment you're like I have a flush afterwards and then you
forget in the interim right yes I'm just glad I had an alarm I've been feeling
bad because as I think your brain just degenerates and there's like pixels that
get removed from the JPEG you know I for me it's I keep forgetting Jeff
Bridges name and like like stuff like that like I'm like who the fuck was that
way it's like just random people that you should like I'll spend I'll be going
it's not like and everyone's just waiting for me and I'm like no no and I
don't I know that all I have to say is the bad guy from seven but I won't say
it because that'll be weakness like I like cuz then they'll go Kevin Spacey
I'm like I'm not old like like so I'll just sit there I forgot the name of the
bad guy from seven everyone has to wait until I forge my neural pathway back but
I'd rather I'd rather forget celebrities names and forget that my I don't know his
only has one victim this is really really I mean I thought I'd share
something with you that you know I mean with with the audience but I mean like
my my real question is just can't have a right to be mad at me yeah yeah only
because you're a grown-up okay well she has a right to be mad but it's gonna do
about as much good as being mad at the weather all right well no here's the
issue it is Emily brought up something that's interesting if this was the
thing from the very beginning when you guys met she's like this guy's great I
think I'm really falling for him he never flushes right he could get past that then
she should be then that's part of the equation but now she's with you and you
spring this on her many years into the relationship she can't even do that you
knew I was like this when you met me you can't even do that she can say you
changed you used to flush changed but we're all changing we're all dying and
ideally we're dying together and partners but what if there's something wrong with me
what if there's something wrong with your brain there is something wrong with all of us
toilet carbon-based lifeforms we're melting but you can't make fun of that yes you can
watch we've been doing it for a while I'm going great I think this is just like
your new you're trying out for a while he walked around with a little box of
Captain Crunch yeah that would look who came to the set the bathrobe thing and
I don't like we've established that Rob doesn't flush Dan is pooping his pants
currently Kumail takes his shirt off like a fucking lunatic I take back to
that I was done to find out everyone doesn't do it it's just it's just it's
because it's like for me it's like like I've never done it but I always think
about it when it's too late when I'm sitting down I'm like damn I should have
taken my shirt up so I love the idea of your watching forensic files and you're
like I love you I love you too and then and then Kumail's like like a couple
minutes later he's like he stands up he pauses forensic files he takes his shirt
off like a Mountain Dew commercial and Emily just knows he just walks off it's
like I guess it's I guess it's gonna be three minutes yeah and I did find out
because he would walk back into the room putting on his shirt I love that he's
like John Henry he's like I'm gonna go beat a steam engine I don't want to
bring any any of that battle back with me true because I'm a human being I'm
civilized but when I'm sitting on the toilet I'm a fucking animal I'm gonna
go slay a dragon and when I come back I'm still gonna be a white knight like I'm
gonna have blood all over me that in public I don't poop in public no but
like at work and stuff sure you you've pooped at work right oh no I if it's a
trailer yeah yeah I take everything off you take everything off in your trailer
at work yeah you strip you strip down you take off your socks like you're a
clone like you're a clone a Logan's run clone or something like you're yeah
Logan's run is like you get totally nude even if you're in on a shoot in a
trailer yeah you get down to the fucking nitty gritty grass tax what about an
airplane now great question I've never pooped in an airplane yeah it's great
no it's not good what theoretically you've taken some very long flights you
never had this although I do go into a plane and the first thing I do is I go
and change my underwear in the airplane but I go and change that's a good you
this is why you're so fucked like this is all genius level move this is all
amazing shit you must like you have the best you must love it every day of your
life this is all optimized it's all good he doesn't have a fucking sweaty
underwear going to bed what do you do with it what do you do with the dirty
underwear what do you do with this dirty underwear so now you donate it to the
orphans no I what day is it my boy it's Christmas
with this with Delta miles I've only worn it for four hours also doesn't sleep
in underwear where's specific I don't I cannot sleep in underwear if I'm on a
plane and I have to take a nap I'm going into the bathroom taking off my
underwear not putting on another underwear coming back and sitting in my
seat to take a nap then what when before it's time to land I'm going into the
bathroom I'm putting on underwear because now I'm ready for the day this is
making me feel like I have a hidden superpower because I feel like well you
have a superpower which is like super sensitivity to your underwear being used
I hate I have the opposite I'm like juggernaut and you're like that the
girl with that has to wear the gloves and the X man or the other I shall kill
people that's right we're both powerful but like I'm like it's been six days I
should change my underwear because I read an article about it someone just
reminded I saw a zeppelin in the sky that was a certain I don't know I hate I've
always hated underwear I probably didn't start wearing underwear till I was
probably about 14 I delayed it as long as I could I probably have 50 pairs of
underwear that are currently in rotation well and this is a good question I
think for the board what is the oldest pair of underwear you own cuz it's a
disgusting thing to think about Nathan I don't know I don't know do you name your
underwear not name it but like no no the longest like the oldest pair she
didn't say name them she said I don't know they're all kind of they look the
same to me well that's so right so we're lucky in it while we think about it
should we bring up Brandon Johnson and find out what his underwear
pants okay how what's your what's your what's your problem dirty night pants it's
a dirty white pants dirty night pants we didn't for her we're doing I'm just I'm
I love this idea of such elegance of changing your underwear throughout the
day like that yeah man right so you agree with the rest of us in the middle of
the bell curve that he's like Downton Abbey style it's not good why is it not
good I will tell you it's just a lot of laundry to manage doesn't matter you're
worth it yeah man goddamn you're worth it it's on some Rick Ross shit for real
yeah I just it is some rapper baller type like I only wear this white t-shirt and
I throw that shit away you know I did some math for the price that most people
spend on like coffee weekly you could definitely have brand new socks every day
of the week that sounds like a horrible infomercial and that's why I've come up
with soccer day are you telling me all I have to do is fill out paperwork and
socks will come to my house I'm telling you all fill out half of it oh I will
never be alone again you will never be alone again well what have we learned
over 300 episodes that it's okay if I forget the flow no no that's not been
the take away but the texting and saying honey I'm sorry I don't remember how
often when you're texting or how often is it what percentage of time have you
not flushed and what percentage have you flushed and you're almost a hundred yeah
it's all almost a hundred almost a hundred so what if you take like a golden
string right you tie it to the to the flusher and you will put a loop on the
other end when you sit down on the toilet you put the looped end if you
remember if he could remember to put a string on his finger he could remember
to remove poop out of you see a golden string on your toilet you will remember
to put a string on your thing right let's string on your let's not shoot
let's not shoot from the makers of soccer days let's yes and string on your
thing string anything's good you could also say it as you do it that helps me
when I like and unplugging stuff I go I have unplugged the flat iron you're like
me oh yeah now that's a good idea I think that's a helpful thing to say a rope
coming down from a really well-anchored thing in your cities what it's it's a
like you shape it into a thing that slips over your neck like right so it's
hanging you're not gonna forget you it's gonna be in your way the way to get it
out of your way as you slip it over your neck you take a poop yeah you get up if
you you could forget everything you could forget to wipe you start walking away
oh I forgot oh what am I oh what was I I must have been so preoccupied with the
events of the day oh look at this is a toilet full of shit here I'm naked my
wedding rings gone how can you not write as you get up from the toilet go for
the flush is that not part of muscle memory here's what I learned here's a
rhyme check we're gonna take away from this conversation as you're putting your
shirt back on just flush the toilet from now on now on I'm gonna get totally
nude every time I poop no matter where I am it's freeing you're gonna love it but
I'm also gonna stop flushing Emily what's your weird poop stories
ladies don't have those I had to okay I had to dump in a ziplock bag once when
we lived in Brooklyn yeah whoa that's legit that's some Iceland shit hurricane
Sandy what what happened or weirdest charity event ever probably like New
Year's Eve that's why the $75 came from I didn't know I'd be Oscar-nominated one
day I thought I was at the top of my game was this a deleted scene from the
big sick our toilet was just out and they were like we're not getting to you
for days and we lived in a dangerous neighborhood it was late at night so I
thought ziplock bag size like the size of the big daddy coke bag I did a dime
bag of shit that was a little logo on him from her cartel the cops are like
who's the scorpion person her poop actually has a blue hue to it
yeah did you make sure the the air was all out of it before you close it I did
a pretty good job are you trying to keep it fresh no but I did the instinct was
there why oh just get all the air out why I tell you why because I didn't want
it to pop that's fair right well you're not like blowing into it are you sure
you take your shirt off let me have my thing wait did you did you save it until
you found a toilet to flush it down here's what I did I put the bag you woke
me up I double-bagged it three times and then only though the word that met
twice but three times you are so high a mighty firm and who has to get naked to
shit that's the opposite of what you did I am clean clothes are far away from the
shit you're sitting into a bag and then I went down to our dumpster which was
behind the building and got rid of the evidence you were living together oh yeah
we were married so during during this period where the toilet was at what on
earth was coming in oh I think you were at work or something you weren't there
you just bought a first-class ticket on United yeah you weren't there for
whatever reason you were not home and it was just not the kind of neighborhood
you could like walk to the closest as a guy who listens to too many true crime
podcasts with Cody like I if I get a text if I ever got a text from Cody that
said had to take a shit waters out shit in a bag actually shit on the floor like
instead of leaving the house ever I'd be like good good yeah I don't think that's
healthy but I know that would be right I was like good good just oh yeah next
time don't leave the bedroom yeah no it was a bad neighborhood it was pretty
common if you open the dumpster it was full of bags of shit just bagged and
bags of shit everybody was doing that over there so somehow it's okay to leave
the house and go behind the building the building the back door was like that
enclosed yeah dumpster space yeah no wait I have more questions I thought of
more questions but you wiped I assume and where did the toilet it went in the
back with it yeah yeah I got rid of all the evidence so you would wipe and put
it into the bag yeah of shit or a separate bag same bag so it was just one
bag with the poop found that was like oh I know what happened here this is act
one and two and three you ever see like a public toilet or like a workplace
toilet where there's like a conversation going on because there's
something going wrong with the toilet or so somebody will put up a sign they put
all the effort into an aerial true type font a piece of typing paper above the
thing it says like but they just it's like don't flush tampons well they would
that they would be that specific because then you'd know exactly what not to
flush but I'm saying like when they get amorphous and they're like don't flush
non-waste or something like that and then there's like so then people get
ballpoint pens ago you so you mean like toilet paper like everyone turns into a
reddit forum like like that it's like like people are like no idiot they mean
whether they like what do you like like like but it's legitimate questions I'm
like what do you what is this a time bomb like what am I shitting in yeah
that's tough that's a tough one we have if you're flushing something that has
become waste like no matter what it is that's what that's what you would write
on this side if I am flushing this already I worked in an office in
Chicago of all therapists and for whatever reason random turds kept showing
up on the on the women's bathroom floor for weeks at a time how do you know they
were random they were different people each time we couldn't figure out we
just call it a phantom shitter we couldn't figure out if it was like
falling out of a pant leg or if it was intentional it was not a happy workplace
I'm really fascinated with that stuff like I because I think it's like an
eruption of like it's sort of like shoplifting yeah it's like an urban
phenomenon like among people who are like like like there's one thing it's
like oh you saw that Canadian video where the woman just shits on the floor of
the restaurant there's it but I was I saw that I was like there's no mystery to
this she's asking to go to the bathroom she's infuriated she has she and then
she and I then I found out later I was totally right totally nailed it I know
my shitting people and but but it fascinates me when people are like I
lived in an apartment complex and for six weeks every three days like in the
dryer yeah I saw and it was like it's some cereal yeah like person that's
like there it's that's so fascinating to me either I think some form of rage that
you can only really express through your shit it's amazing that's a targeted
because I have you know when you get so angry you can only shit it out I don't
but I'm clearly someone that I were and I we all kept being like oh I hope no one
thinks it's me right I mean like I left that job and I was like please let the
phantom shitter continue or else it's on me and the phantom shitter did oh that
would be great right and then that person stopped it was just an elaborate
revenge on you 35 people who just like oh Emily yeah I saw that movie was pretty
good she shit on the floor at that one place when the killer when they arrest
the wrong guy and then the and then the kid there's like that period of time where
the real killer is like I could go out hang up my jersey and I'm like no I
gotta kill more people and they're like all right you can leave jail guy but
there is some kind of like modern like it's like getting your hands dirty in a
world where we don't really do that anymore I'm starting to kind of get it I
guess I mean I did that's what's because you know that the person who takes a
shit in their apartment buildings dryer every Wednesday is not also a serial
killer yes like they're not they're probably not torturing animals or
something it's like it's such a weird pinprick like magma eruption I that's
what I would say this person like going like the alley McBeal you know like
going to work as a legal clerk and being like and in conclusion my power point
and they're like good job Daphne and she's like you got it moving on up moving
and then the full moon comes up she's like I have to do this or else I can't
succeed and it's like all of her the ghost of her father going like women
mean nothing and she's like I'll shit you into a dryer turn you on high heat and
then you just hear the thudding going is it weird that I always picture a woman
when it's like the phantom pooping because we're not allowed to express our
anger any other way again I shoplifting like a female thing you can let me off
the hook like only if you weren't here and I said that I would get that's right
yeah that's right women but also that woman remembers to do it once a week
yeah it's self-care in a way how do you know things are so intense what are you
doing oh you know I take five minutes every morning you know just sort of
hang out with friends I'm bad and I'll have like a bagel and then I shit in the
dry alright I feel like I feel like everybody everybody's like oh you you
talk too much about shit just a little too much like but I have a gripe I have
an issue what is it you guys have this gripe no okay listen up just lift what's
up with the air conditioning you know what's up with the AC really you get in
the car and it's fucking summer hot summer hottest summer in record here you
get in there and it's a hot box it's fucking hot hot hot and the first thing
you go do you want the AC on they're like yeah motherfucker put the AC on probably
to save money yeah I know but come on give me a break do you do you want the
AC out so put it on and then like when I like Friday night I'm driving with this
person and then see oh you shot oh I thought he met the mechanics of the
fucking car I'm like could you be more of a baby you mean riding you mean no I
yeah you mean lift an Uber driver yeah yeah yeah yes you want it do you want
to be sweating or in your back sticking to the back of my shitty money do you
want to be comfortable or yeah or do you want to roll down the window and get
the fucking air in your face how about what you get in a car and it was like
you get like an SUV with a group and then you're like fucking hot back here
and you're like oh hey oh yeah you do you do a million things like there's such
a fucking like amount of Chuffa you got four people working on a problem back
there 18 dials everybody you're doing and then finally only when it needs to
involve a capitan you go like is it air anything air oriented anything and it's
always the first response is always like just victim blaming like like they
could just like like like I it it's already on like they'll just say
something that makes you feel fucking insane like it's already it should work
it's already on this is what this shit was happening to me on Saturday so I get
in the car and I do the whoo really hot one today which is you try to ramp in
trying to and then they go oh would you like the AC on and I go yeah that's
alright I'll sometimes go like I think I like do you want the AC okay you know
what who am I to say yes I go like it's Los Angeles you know what no I'll roll
down the window and get on the freeway yeah yeah and then after a while I'll
go like genius okay now let's say let's try some and then she's like oh I okay
I'll put it on but I just get so cold in here it's like a fucking 122 degrees out
people are dying outside a way to measure don't you wish there was a way to
measure at the end of all of our lives don't you just wish it could be like
monopoly or something where we could just little things like how many of the
people that succeeded or failed like like to the extent that their success or
failure had anything to do with money like how much it's like like I just want
to like be there at the fucking like st. Peter's gate or whatever where we all
tabulate and go like yeah you know what every time you fucking like like like
like didn't buy popcorn when you were in line and you made your date buy it like
you didn't it made you poorer like you didn't like like are this like your
your laundromat putting that label on the machine and then making this hub
cap you save five dollars didn't get rich from doing any of this shit like I
want but she was good she was like okay I'll turn it on and then what I start
she was slowly turning it off like slowly yeah and I went okay and I rolled
down my window and then she turns around and goes what's going on do we want AC
or fresh air
oh yeah you shouldn't turn on the you shouldn't open the window when the AC is
on that's an insane person thing to do if it's not cold enough it's actually
the smartest thing maybe use your mouth than like request things like a human
when somebody says hey do you want AC and I go yes and you slowly turn it off
what she was she was cold she gets too cold also I'll say that people who drive
left and over don't make them no they don't make money make very little money
from AC's that helps them pay the rent and it's the hottest summer in record how
much change your underwear half it through the day how much fucking money do
you save by not using AC enough see the spreadsheet of it that's what I'm saying
I want to see at the end of everyone there how much town through town you
actually do spend a lot of money is it $30 a week but is it highway it doesn't
make a bit of it is it $4 a month use your mouth like a human being yeah use
your mouth like a human most of your complaint is I shouldn't have to ask for
AC yes yes we'll ask for it I never I shouldn't have to ask for AC on the
hottest summer in the history of the world but it's not a problem when you have
a mouth you can use and you do yes it is a problem no it's not yes it is it is
a problem it's just a thing that happens you know you do it's a problem
Rob when you get in the car it's too hot inside just do a chameleon getting a
good okay she drops off and she goes don't forget my five stars let's bring
us Steve Agee everybody Steve Agee I was backstage texting Rob links to
remote control toilets yeah hey gonna save my marriage wait on why you can
gonna laugh my way to the bank I'll set you a link to it how are you going to
the bank from that you didn't invent haha other people in yes I also sent a
link to a toilet that flushes as soon as you stand up can you hack other people's
toilets and then make the flesh in the description it said no more fighting over
forgotten flushes you should get it before they go out of business because
nobody else has this problem well how can your neighbors toilet and just flush
it all night so many problems doesn't need to be on Wi-Fi he laughs for
Emily there's a new Ziploc crap sack it's gonna be a little pocket for toilet
paper yeah you need a separate little pocket one for is there anybody in our
audience we could crowdsource this like try to try to restrain yourself like if
you really feel like you have something concise and from an expert place that we
can defer to that like like like I really want to know the data on the cost of
air conditioning it's been it's been mythbusters yes you could like flip
this is it as much as you would get a result on this buster you save money by
not using the AC yeah I know you save more money by not air conditioning the
car than if you don't but I just want to know what the scale of it is yeah like
if it is if you save five dollars worth of gas how often like just driving me
from one side of the town not gonna be fine yeah so get a five dollar tip it's
an option I don't they don't they don't say they don't get the tip they don't see
who tips yeah how would let no pre that you're gonna tip before there is there
no reason to raise their hand right here drivers you do though you get in the
car with the five dollar bill okay you want to just come up here and give us
a little bit of information from your perspective we won't we won't we won't
attack or what's your name sir I'm Christian Christian okay you don't have
to tell us anything about yourself that you don't want us to know but stop it
you fuck right give us your love you give us your background why why you might
have the knowledge about this so I went to UC San Diego oh it's very hot there
why yeah it's hot there and I got a degree in computer engineering and now
I'm an Uber driver so okay there's how many degrees intersection of expertise
okay yeah yeah so yeah you can you can see who tips you thank you I've been
wanting to know this thank you wait I don't know you do did you just do the
world's most perfect joke or are you do you how much money does AC for the AC I
mean I guess you can you can save a little bit of cash see so you were
actually here to answer the other question man sit around in a car that's
hot and be an animal for an entire week to save this was not why you were brought
up yes it is yes it is he's opinion on whether or not it's good to be in heat we
all agree it's bad to be in heat he's he's equating it with exactly but he
there's nine people up here he's he's saying if I could talk over you for a
second let him talk for fuck's sake all right go ahead I don't know what else you
want okay well here's what I heard you say it's what Schrab is saying which is
basically like I like like the savings on air conditioning are probably in
comparison to the jeopardy you know that you're just saying that because now
you're on the spot and we have a different question than the one you thought
you were answering no all right he went to he was doing a funny joke to open he
gained everyone's esteem and I don't think he was doing a joke I think he
thought that was the question whether or not I wish we could someone with
his intentions were all right thank you Christian Christian it does anyone know
how much money it doesn't save a lot of money but these are people who don't
make a lot of money and a lot of the money they make goes to pay the costs of
them doing their job yep which is what which is paying for the car paying for
the gas for the car paying for maintenance that's their job that's a big part of
their job is to pay for the car what that's what their office is do you think
this is their job Spencer if we feel I thought I was driving with our awareness
that people who work every day jobs are unfairly paid can we do we have to be
so distracted by that when we're discussing this other thing well that's
the reason why you're uncomfortable though and I agree that being uncomfortable
is not a good thing but it's just the thing that has a reason right but I
understand that we have any air conditioning driver out of their
overhead I would know that here's my biggest problem the surprise oh you want
the air conditioning on as sweat is just dripping off everybody's face it's like
if you're a restaurant and you get water because people are usually thirsty when
they're eating their friends so for you if that's water if she had been like hey
I know it's very hard I didn't have it on because I'm saving money because I'm
not super rich you'd be okay is that okay do you want the AC or not so she
does a little guilt trip to you before before you oh that would be awesome
right I'm 10% Kevin day just came down with the day thanks Kevin it's 10
Kevin day everybody 10% fuel efficiency is lost Kevin by having the
air on 10% fuel it 10% of anything is significant yeah literally on the way
here we're low on gas and you were like let's turn off the AC I had a friend it's
so stupid when we were 16 that he was like we wanted out of gas we got to turn
off the radio well depends on what songs playing all right so ride share
operators within the sound of our voice when we're in desert cities where it
gets to 120 degrees Fahrenheit like we need to have this conversation among the
many things that they're unfair to drivers they're 10% of their overhead as
opposed to someone in Minnesota is like it's an important thing and we're
feeling at first here having the conversation and I'm sure it'll be fixed
by next week yeah but 10% so fucking lot so never I would have always assumed
when I heard my parents talking about like oh we're gonna get you know don't
don't turn up there I was in my head I was always like yeah and we should always
eat generic peanut butter because a hospital bills like I was like I bet
this doesn't add up to anything 10% a lot there's also this thing where people
who are doing the share sort of in the share movement are compromising
themselves so when you hear somebody ask for them to compromise themselves a
little bit more it kind of sparks a nerve well at the same time if you're
gonna do the job you should probably have a cool cabin I get that but I also
get the like we can't ask these slaves to fire burgers well to be clear we we
should definitely ask for it to be cold we should want it to be cold but while
doing that just understand why it is the way it is I mean all the feelings are
completely great yes good this is good let's roll the clip that's great yeah
but should we shut you do a clip of us having this exact conversation a year
ago what we haven't solved it oh my god I mean part of the reason they have the
conversation is because maybe a ride service would say hey we're adding a
button that for three dollars extra for 10% of the thing you the driver will
receive an alert that says please cool down your cabin as you roll up oh if I
was a driver I would never pick that person up I would be like that guy's an
asshole you're telling me ahead of time like I get a certain way so come
correct when you come to me I'd be like bye come correct that must be nice I like
that you'd be that picky but like if people really wanted it that badly if
you live in Arizona and every time you take a ride share service your big
fucking problem is that unlike a cab which runs on a medallion service you
climb in and it's fucking overhead paid by the corrupt you know medallion
cabbies do this too it's cool as hell and then every time a lift comes it's
like hot and you have to have the conversation like if I don't know what
the statistics are the next thing Kevin Dane needs to come down is go like
here's how many people have a problem with like being I've always noticed it
I've always noticed that conversation I've always found it like kind of like
crazy and absurd I find it way less absurd and like the 10% of anything is
like huge so now that can reduce my outrage by at least 10% if not 90
because if I get in I'm like it's hot it feels like empathy for the poor like
like like like like like now I can now I can fucking use that heat to make me
stronger as a liberal great now I have everything plus I have a Tesla so yeah
I don't unless I'm super drunk I don't need your hot-ass car I learned about
this from cabs I got like four cabs in a row and that's what they were doing and
I was like what the fuck and then I looked it up and they're like saves a
lot of money and I was like I guess if that's your job and then I never did
this did this issue I remember in the Milwaukee days like you know when we
would like fill up our tank a dollar at a time and we're not gonna make it to
Dale's house in time to get drunk and they'll be like gonna turn off the air
conditioner and I was up but I always wondered like what does that mean per
mile now we know ten percent hey who wants to listen to the time that open
Mike Eagle taught me to drop my mom a fucking crutch okay nobody I do fuck you
or are we we also have we have some hits on here there's there's Rob Schrab's
oh shit yeah all right have fun for a minute and 35 seconds
fucking shit
fucking shit man oh shit oh my ass let's let's let's bring game master Spencer
Crittenden out
oh shit oh shit oh shit shit shit fucking shit
my my thumbs are greasy from the all those chips that I eat I eat a lot of
chill all right I don't have anything else
chips are delicious I have some chips before I came here all right hey so I
think I think we'll do things in hashtag
why would you hashtag chip I think that the frustrating thing is that if you back
it up and you play it really slowly you can hear as I'm getting interrupted I
was like that was 2011 and I'm like I think we should do more for women's
rights like like I'm getting interrupted in the court yeah things like I'm like I
have an idea for a show called Rick and Morty at one point but it got delayed by
three years because of that bit
she helps both Chris can we play Cheapy Peepy gates
yeah
oh yeah there you go Cheapy Peepy gates this is a course with the sweet switch
up came over today to he's gonna he's gonna test drive my iPad Pro to see if
he wants to get one himself I have I have two of them too I got the big one
and decided it was too heavy I like the smaller one well maybe if I like it I
could buy one of yours off of you I could buy one he needs both of them I
don't have enough respect for my money to yeah I'd rather have my iPad Pro back
and just you you go get your own okay I could have done what am I gonna do with
that that that that fair market price for a 12.9 inch iPad Pro that I charge
my friend well just give me like blue book value and then I'm gonna be I'm
gonna have like a stack of $20 bills that I do what with that's not gonna be
karmically damaging to me yeah come on I mean it's a choice between giving it to
you as a gift what could somebody do with a stack of money think you're gonna buy
him his own iPad Pro you're gonna make him buy him to buy me anything I'd
probably do that before don't I don't I don't want your gifts he's gonna he's
it he's a he's a he's a he's a little cheapy cheapy peepy so I'm not a cheapy
peepy as you call me I'm not a cheapy peepy Dan fucking take it back you're
kind of a cheapy peepy I wanted to know if it worked we were talking on the
plane and you said well I could let you borrow and I let me try it out and I'll
give it back and I'll buy my own that's not a cheapy peepy that's being smart
cheapy peepy so I'm not a cheapy peepy Dan Dan Dan
there was some editing there can we see the open my eagle one too now I'm
curious what that is let's do the open my giggle one that's a goodie to you all
see okay did you want to talk about something about no no I just I'm just
experiencing anxiety for water ocean waves sky fuck your mama came in her
eye okay see now why does it always have to be fucking somebody I don't know
because I think about that because it's edible okay but look but look but look
but look I'll stop you right there because you're doing something in a lot
of reference freestyle rappers do thank you it's called having a crutch but like
mine used to be when I'm on the mic right and he's my eagle went up on the
mic I say hi to people like you know what I mean like so how do you deal with
crutches did you take a hacksaw to them yeah you become conscious of them and
you just try not to but it's there for a reason because we do that to help us
get help us fill the time between what we said and where we have to get to and
and the enemy is starting to think no the enemy is stopping it's the only enemy
stopping you just keep going it's not easy people it's not a salt pepper
fork spoon son in the moon I got a solar system it's going round and round I got
my voice in my brain and the brain is the sound I gotta blow through the wrap
I gotta blow through the people here's the motherfucking church and I don't go to
the steeple because I go to the altar and I pray to God I dropped down to my
knees and I let him through my body I want to get down with you to the break
of dawn
go back go back hey he didn't fuck one mother in that at all
don't do much and you don't do such if you don't do what you're supposed to do
then you do what you're gonna do if you don't do what you're gonna do you do
what you've always done I'm gonna have fun and run in the sun I'm gonna be on
the beach and make another one of my buns by cooking it in an oven and I'm
putting in the shoving with my dick and okay yeah you put your dick in the
muffin if you want to fuck the bread impromptu yeah
wow wow that was some great rapping I learned to do that episode and then
never went back again I think that is truly one of the things that I'm most
ashamed of like I kind of cry because like open mic came in the show you
felt that that was like it was it was real it's funny but it was also real it
was like it's like yeah you gotta get up the fuck your mama thing because it has
nothing to do with mamas or fucking but it's like this cadence thing and then I
was like oh you get a ditch that and then that happened but I never ever like
it sucks I never went back I never I was never able to I just went right back
to the crutches I'm ashamed I'm ashamed of it and that's why let's fix that right
now open my yeah open Mike keeps saying I can I come back on the show I'm like
no you can't I'm ashamed of myself no I'm kidding he's busy
oh shit toast bread go in the head I didn't fuck your mama instead
hold up Zach you got one of those new beats
Zach are you with us I like the idea that it's like sod like you gotta do that
news like like that'll make the golden retriever shit in the right spot
this is a little more contemplative then so I'm like dig dig deep here
the wind and the spirit and the tent you never fear oh wow wow when the Irish and
the Scottish trams need to be respected by the Pope oh cranberries shanae the conner
Michael's type what break it down my name is MC dick I'm here to give your balls
a lick I'm gonna slather my tongue upon the shaft and go and take a run at your
anus give you a rim job I'm not here to be neat I'm going to be a slob I'm gonna
slather all my saliva all over your privates
that's not that's not what open mic taught me I see his Jedi ghost shaking his
head that's not just because you're not fucking your mama doesn't mean you're
not crunching I feel the spirit do you hear it I'm gonna wrap inside my mind and
share it I'm gonna flow from my brain to my mouth and not rhyme anything with
south it's over it's over I mean I was I was very impressed by that I did I you
know it's a good show because we've been through a lot on stage without that was
that was interesting because there were clips in there where we didn't have the
audience and then we did have the audience like the Cheapy Peepy thing
there was no audience right yeah I wonder they didn't like it it couldn't
afford it they didn't like it yeah we had a lot of good times you know we had
some bad times oh we also had some bad time no I'm just making that up it's
11 seconds long can we do Jim Belushi impression tipping that a bit well he
didn't say we could no video why are we looking there you go there it is your
number one that was your 11th second clip we asked him do you do it John
Belushi impression because I can do a bad Jim Belushi no you do it then
Belushi but it's not that good so yes that's what's Ryan Ridley impression is
that what that is well Emily loves that one what is right no let's do Curtis
Armstrong's scream spells balance good this is some good D&D I love Curtis is
this one a video hey doc remember what you said yeah back there about you know
you know me you could have done better I could have done better like you know
it's hard because you know we live in this world it just reinforces the fact
that you're not you're not supposed to be free it's supposed to be happy and like
I don't feel like I've never felt like I deserve happiness it's not true you're a
decent girl you could have anything I I just don't want your life to be like
mine I want to and if if you need some more convincing why don't I show you
what my old friend doctor friend can do spell wise take it away dr. friend agony
agony spell he's the same team same he's the guy that it is deactivated Jesus
Christ there I've created a dome or wall of magical energy
can I use my agony spell on the guy even though he's he's getting away but
it's a long-distance agony spell can I do one of those you don't have line of
sight to him he's he's far far off so my mother could do that without seeing
we got to get that guy back he was really into it he was really in character
through that sequence there's like this crazy Easter show what was that that's
the blessing of 300 episodes is that you're like what the fuck happened what
also a series of horrible haircuts by me this wow yeah well look oh okay Emily
how are your freestyle rapping skills not not worthy not even not a no no let's
try it no there is a beat Emily will do it yeah it's like pooping in a bag yeah
you and come out come out both of you together you just go to me into doing
it so now you have to do it too look at me turn and face me look at me we got
this TV we that was just the first take let's try again let's try again make
Steve rap Steve rap Steve rap face each other let's try this one more time
come on let's go you got that I can't do it okay you got this let's go it's like
I'll do the start and then you fill in the word that'll rhyme okay okay this is
impossible just any time I think I can okay how can you have a word that how
can you have a word no no but there wasn't a rhyming there was no word to
rhyme it way yeah do it first day of rap camp let's go let's go first day of
rap and then I opened up my locker locker locker is a hard word you are
gonna lock her is a hard word you give me this is good this is good don't do the
last word and I'll do the last word let's start with let's just start with
the ace walk our ways through the east yeah yeah yeah oh no all the clips for
our 400th episode go ahead and don't say the last word of the line I'll say the
word I wake up in the morning and I go to bathroom I never really know when I'm
gonna go run run DM passive aggressive I don't think that I don't think that you
should be learning from me but like like a trade secret is you come up with a
word and then while you think of the rhyme for that word you say I fucked your
mama so hard that I like that gives you just enough time so you just like went
to the kitchen and had some milk fucked your mama so hard I felt like that's
that's where the crutch okay so it would be like I woke up in the morning go to
the bathroom fuck your mama so hard in that bathroom yeah yeah yeah dreaming go
Camille keep it up keep that rhyme scheme going off my shirt cuz I was in the
bathroom flush the toilet cuz I'm a grown man in a bathroom
ten percent of your overhead ten percent of your overhead ten percent of your
overhead yeah emcee air conditioning is in the house be aware of it don't know
what side I'm on keep the air conditioning on I don't know if you
should or shouldn't fuck your mama so hard it was a prudence
wait I'm gonna pick you up it's gonna be 900 degrees fuck fuck you wait I'm part
of the white boy so I ironically have the high road it doesn't make a ton of
sense but it'll shut you up if you're thinking about complaining about it in
the back room wait I want to hear Emily on that vocal thing can you can you pass
it up Mike then wait put Emily on that Mike I want I want to hear her
my yeah in the bathroom yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah then what
I eat cereal every day I get it on the carpet and I say okay and then I go into the bathroom
the bathroom all right give give give give Camille that Mike give Camille the
white it's fine yeah you're in the flow Emily please you're in the flow
if that's a joke about my period I don't know how to rap at all
in the bathroom take your friend out one night have a real good
time in the bathroom I have no rhythm at all that's the problem and the solution
yeah in the bathroom it reminds me of the time that John Mayer wrapped on our
show for 24 seconds John Mayer's flow was fucking like crazy I'm gonna drive
home you're gonna say John fuck you there's some things you just shouldn't
do you're gonna run the whole transcript through that brick you call the brain and
then you're gonna complain you're gonna ask if you can take it out the next time
they put it up on the net you're gonna say uh that thing I'd rather forget can
we take the rap out we do it yet I just don't want to hear from people telling me
that there was something I said that they could get the smell on me that I was
trying too hard in the backyard I bought the milkshake but it had lard and it was
all curdled yeah I don't want to be that way so I think I did it right but now
that I did that's why I kept rapping tonight so when I get in the car I think
about the rap this is the thing that I did that's crap to make it off balance
to make it strange it's got to be strange so tomorrow is a new day a new
direction a new way I got to improve I got to change I did it too well tonight
that wraps my brain I got to get in the tub and wonder what I can write to tell
you can you take a couple things out tonight cuz I don't like two legs I
don't like four legs I don't like even pegs I like shit missing that's when my
brain goes blessin out with your love on up there in the tub on holy fuck you
bury the lead you fucking wrap good I'm embarrassed that I did it in front of
you you can never come back again
apparently the key is looking up to the right actually I'm like doing this with
your fingers yeah that was something she that's all you got to do yeah what
were those keys for around his neck what was it what was those keys I don't know
that the height of the driver's an uber so he has to have keys to get in well so
much hate so much hate they were keys to the bathroom in the bathroom
all right well you know what when I never meant fucking dick in the knee cap
with a microphone that does hurt children please you like that noise
Rob shit yeah what you're doing drive you're doing away this is getting nice
sorry those clips are at meltdown which is now gone and yeah I think we always
knew how special that place was and of course when it closed down we were all
able to eulogize it but the thing like I always thought oh this is a good place
because of the crowd that it draws and the simplicity all this stuff but like
I like we moved out of there and tried to do this show at my stage at star burns
with an audience without an audience we tried to do the show in a in a VO booth
now we've moved here this place is great no disrespect but the crazy thing that
is to realize that oh meltdown was more than actually the absence of a bunch of
stuff it was actually like inimitable it was it like like I always thought of it
as like oh if we could just get these pillars out of here we'd be great yeah
but but there was something secret about it and I don't know what it is do you
think it was as as true like natives of that place and and founding parents of
it what was it I'll start you off with one thing that people said over and over
again was it simple altitude like is it just at the audience the audience and
the performer like down at the same level I think that's part of it it always
felt like a basement to me like your coolest friends like parents basement
that you got to hang out in and do whatever you wanted and everybody left
you alone they say low ceilings are important for comedy yeah I think they
are ceilings are good music it just had like a it just the opposite of an Indian
burial ground whatever that it's like it just yeah living air but was that
place a fluke was it was it was it was it was that an accidental discovery or
did someone have to stand in that space and go this would be perfect for
performance I think Gaston the owner of meltdown comics always wanted it to be a
performance space but I think he wasn't ever gonna put in time to like he didn't
he didn't have the ability to put in time to like make it one so that was kind
of it was kind of loosely like random shows were there and then that yeah and
then we started doing meltdown there and then I got hired to like do all the
other shows there which is how which is how Harmontown because I was like I need
show so bad and there was nothing happening but it just always felt
magical yeah it's like you know you say all those things about the high ceilings
and the that it was a pretty small space whatever it is whatever the physical
dimensions of a great comedy theater are it had that but it also had I don't know
the fact that you have to go through a comic book store to get there there was
you know it was like as you said an Indian living air about that place there
was something magical about it you know I understood the cut that's what that's
the thing is that I understood the comic going through I understood the factual
information oh it's hip yeah it's the new Largo it's it's it's LA it's
underground it's but like understanding that as a as a matter of
fashion which makes it like actually artificial where you go like oh the
reason this is successful is actually because of mass hysteria is actually a
disservice because that room is inimitable like we sit here in this
room for instance we like try to like we're like god damn it now that we're
in a different room how do we get that fucking meltdown sound and it's crazy like
if I were gonna record an album whatever that is anymore I would I would be
like can we buy the melt meltdown spit like like because what is it it's
mysterious yeah there's also a whole community around it I mean we would see
people come to our show and then they would become friends and people like
met there and got engaged and married and divorced and you know it was on to work
here and when I don't like if you guys got married after tonight you'd be
monsters like why did you marry we were sitting next to each other in a fucking
auditorium downtown it'd be like you monster you deserved this divorce I'm
kidding I'm kidding your audience has always been the most special of all the
audiences I will say that meltdown ever had the most like literally people saying
bringing in their own chairs because I told a guy once will you pay the money
for the chair like jokingly and he brought his own chair to be like now I
get it free yeah I didn't guess who that was and I had no choice but to be like
you have bested me please come on it just does it rhyme with Thratom Flaw
Floodberg 100% yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I didn't I mean sorry sorry I
knew our audience is special but I always thought that that place was so
special and I will we'll be fine here too but also it's been 300 episodes so
why not stop you know let's just stop just stop are you the netting stop it
stop bro are you not making this podcast stop making it I'm not fishing for
that
I said is this the last episode can you swear to that I want to see what
happens now I'm too drunk to make decisions I am I'm just tired I'm
tired of being me tired of being famous stopping doing the podcast won't stop
you from being you will it though yeah no but I could be me in a dark room where
no one can hurt me anymore like you can hurt yourself who's the one person who
hurts you the most what no I I no one has ever given me more pleasure than
myself believe me you locked me in a room with me I'm gonna experience a lot of
pleasure that's the one thing I know for sure there will be no pain you come
back in a year and there'll be like a lot of blogs on the wall and it won't be
written in ink anyways what else is the black bags if you need them what else is
on the docket well look wait we didn't even like if I was a Martian I was
listening to the podcast like oh who's Kumail and Emily who the fuck are you
guys like last we bid you guys kind of farewell there there was never an
official thing but like our ships drifted apart you we haven't spoken to
you guys what what what has changed about life like is there anything we got
some fake grass in our lawn instead of real grass did you guys move you got a
nice house oh are you still living in the same places when you were non Oscar
nominated well when you get nominated you get a house the nomination doesn't
come with a deed to a new house yeah and then take it away from someone just a
normal person all the nominees of your category move into the same house and
the winner gets to keep it that's unfortunate so Jordan there now yeah
yeah we call it our house I mean yeah no we're in the same place right in
terms of career both as actors writers like so thought like like if you to the
extent that you can remember so imagine this path before the big sick and now
then the big sick is this big black box that's like we can't analyze that but
imagine that as a black box for the purpose of the equation so can you can
you compare like what has like really everything it's very different good good and bad sure
mostly good more good than bad yeah we get to choose what we want to work on
rather than being like oh it'd be cool if we got this job either one of us people
think we know what we're doing oh my god the best part very scary yeah mostly is
that is that like it's because the obviously the agents like are able to now
it's like they're able to get people are able to say can I meet with them and the
answer is yes and like you get to they have these meetings that you never
thought you'd have and so it's all it's it's mostly positive right yeah well the
greatest thing really is the thing that we've wanted to do for years and years
and years we for a little brief window right now we're in a position where we
can do them right can go away very quickly yeah yeah like if I if like my
next the next movie I mean if it comes out it doesn't do well it could go away
right then you see it all the time so so we're trying to we're very aware of
that it's a little bit so yeah that was that raise your anxiety which is a
terrible thing to happen to you that wouldn't have been the case before you
hit the moon with us now it's like the expectations are high I mean I'm sure
you're aware of this we're like and so everybody keeps telling us don't write
your second thing right your third thing right like don't well first of all I've
actually never heard that and that like that's fucking it's great right that
sounds awful and accurate yeah horrifying yeah that sounds awful because
there's so much pressure on you to like recreate what does that mean I don't
quite understand it mean skip the second thing just because you put so much
pressure on yourself for what were you gonna write oh my god what will you
guys be doing next they're like skip it just go to the next we would literally
be doing press but everyone else knows this is your second thing yeah it's not
as good yeah we would be doing press this idea that there would be pressure on
you that you would go say you loved poodles and you're like and then you
made the big sick and like the big sick made everybody like J. J. Abrams wants
to meet with you and then you're like do we pitch him the poodle movie or do we
like pitch him a fucking Star Trek poodle thing or like like you have an
anxiety that didn't exist when you were just like I'll fucking do anything I
want there's a fear when you actually get the freedom to do whatever you want
of like oh shit now I have to do whatever now I have to bet right yeah now
I have or the house went yes exactly that's exactly right we've done a good
job of only doing what we so that what we want to do has not changed and where
we've been able to do that we haven't like what do you say that we like before
our movie that we were like we want to make stuff like sure yeah yeah is the
kind of stuff that we're both doing individually and together so it's like
that part's good but then it's also like when you get the freedom to do
whatever there's like a certain terror in the freedom to do whatever here's my
most sensitive crazy question because I don't even I've like you guys are life
partners and writing partners what does that do to a relationship like like to
be under like I've never makes you take all your clothes off when you take a
shit yeah and I put all of his clothes on when I take a shit so that's what's
changed you guys have been very candid so I would just have like have you had
fights that have like been brought on by monstrous fights absolutely yeah you
don't have to share them because I think that's too yes well we live in two
gossipy a world so it's not gossipy so we have had fights because the thing is
if you if you have a fight with a co-worker there's a ceiling to where
that fight can go yep but if you're having a fight with a co-worker who's
also the person you're in love with the ceiling is much higher so you can start
on a lower really the basement's much lower yeah starting on like hey I
disagree it should be like this with a co-worker you're like it can't really
get as personal as it can with this so you we really had to have rules we had to
figure out how to be able to write together I think if you shared a couple
of those would be valuable first of all to me I have a I have a girlfriend who's
a writer like we get we get by okay it's fucking hot it's it's a challenge to
like approach the area yeah because and we're not partners we don't work on
stuff together so like if you guys figured out how to not kill each other we
just have like a couple rules of like you can't you have to find the specific
we literally booked time to work with each other rather than just assuming that
the other person's available I think that's a big one you have to have those
lines otherwise just hanging out at home can be worse so if that so to be clear
about that if you guys are like hey as lovers let's go stay at this hotel and
have a pina colada's if kumail's like mmm that's a good pina colada I think the
protagonist should think it's like knock it off my face yeah okay literally in
the shower before you came here you're like can I ask you a word question no hey
I'm in here taking a shit I'm not showering I can understand your confusion
I'm naked well we have we have specific work times and then as you said if we're
like just hanging out we have to get the other person's probably like if she
thinks of something for the movie or whatever we're working on she has to be
like hey can we switch gears so you and the other person has to give you
permission and that makes a huge difference give us is there a safe word
for to get to get out look fucking too much yeah ruining the honeymoon yeah
and don't do it in bed no talking about work stuff in bed that's a big one yeah
and yeah and we also don't like the way we write together is when we like when
we're like breaking a story or something we're together but then we don't
actually write in the same room that would destroy those drafts back and
forth and but you know it's really it's great like so we're like working on
something right now together and it's like really exciting because we'll like
talk about it and then later in the day I'm like I always thought of that one
thing I don't think anybody in the world but her could have thought of that and
it's really exciting and it's also like she'll write something and I'll be the
first person in the world to read it and that's very exciting it's like I get to
look inside her brain so to the positive I feel the same way about you and I
think that's part of it is starting with that respect of like oh I really like
what he does and what a cool thing that I get to have access to it before
anybody else and you have to kind of start on that foot of like I'm a big
fan of this person because if not if you're coming at it from like a how can
I fix what they've done then you're already losing right yeah I mean I'm
never gonna find love well you don't have to start there you don't have to
start here you can you can you can just be at right aid and be like she shares
my interest in these knit socks the best boyfriend I've thought about this I
thought you were the best boyfriend did you think about it in the bathroom can't
you see it in her drafts yeah why is everyone named Steve Agee I think that's
amazing I don't want to lose that if only for myself just that idea because the
it's like you know how magnets like they have fields so like they can propel
each other as easily as they can like they can like magnets are out of fucking
control they get in the presence of each other and they do shit beyond your
control I'm not being insane clown posse I I also don't understand magnets but
I'm not pretending I do but I but it's like because Cody and I aren't writing
partners we don't write together but she's the first writer I've ever been
with and like when the truth is like for her to say hey would you read my script
like it it's it sends fucking spasms of panic through me really yes because what
you guys have achieved is you're like oh I'm a big fan and all this stuff will
you you've you've worked together and other stuff and it's like I'm like I
think there's like things like I freak out because I'm like what if I fuck up
what if I what if you fuck up while reading her stuff well what if what if
what if anything about this perfect stasis you're like what if I don't like
it it's like you guys are to put it in Star Wars terms you like what you guys
are kind of describing to me is like hey we're we're Luke and Han and I'm like
but people change roles and then I'm like like what but if you if you if you
see a writer from across a bar and then you're like you start talking and then
you start dating and then you hook up and you're in a relationship with a
writer it's like you're Han and Han and like you're who's gonna shoot first like
like like like like like like like on you never you don't you don't want to
fuck with that like you know baby oh she just wants another drink
Cody hello everybody
Cody have a seat I'm really just feeling came out here to remind you to shut
the fuck up listening from back there
but yeah I mean it is work I'm not saying that this the way that we work
together is it's still work you have to sort of figure out and there's still
bumps and we both think we're alpha still yeah that's not like that doesn't go
away you just have to kind of like realize like oh maybe sometimes there's
two alphas are too bad it's like yeah it doesn't go away I have achieved that I
have that with Rob a little bit like like like when we write together like like
Rob and I have written stuff together for 20 years and then like Justin who
did Rick and Morty like you for you find partnerships with people where you're
like okay this works and it doesn't always work but when you think about the
math of it like the the everybody in this room might look oh I get together on
Wednesdays and I write with my friend and we're trying to write a screenplay
together and they're my writing partner take the difficulty the challenge of
that relationship multiplied times oh unrelated to anything that I do like oh
I'm dating this person I'm trying to make that work and then you multiply those
two things that's why I'm like what how are you guys well we were not in that we
were able to work together and not write together because writing is a sort of a
very personal thing very vulnerable yeah very vulnerable thing so we sort of you
know with meltdown I was performing and she was producing the show and then we
hosted a podcast together so we slowly worked up to figuring out how to write
together because that is you guys had a precedent of not punishing each other
for vulnerability things like that like I think that's important as a mental
health professional maybe not to go I don't think that hurts no if you're
gonna write with a lover find a shrink maybe it's the lesson no all right well
thank you for answering that stuff frankly well the other thing that's great
is that we do we're very similar and the things we like I think for different
reasons and so we're able to write together because we have the same
aesthetic the same taste but we sort of focus on different things of it so we
kind of have different strengths that work well one of you the better dialogue
or story person or is it like are you kind of both equally strong there like
you guys kind of share roles well Emily's very good at character stuff
because she's a therapist and tell them about your thing about how you sort of
well when you're like theorizing someone you're you're you're you're telling
about how you accidentally caught that murderer while we were writing that
Nash Bridges spec and he's also very good at that too like and yeah we both
have we're both kind of good at the same stuff I would say we don't need to like
get ready yeah we're both good at the same stuff I would say yeah it's awesome
yeah I watched your movie way too late but I watched it on a plane it was like
I'm fucking just adored it I love it oh thank you were you wearing underwire
fuck yeah me on these baby me on these all the way it kind of reminds me you
know Dan I'm gonna I'm gonna jump in here because you guys are talking about
being a married couple we're all we're all kind of a unit we're all kind of a
family can we play the family rap and MC John I thank you so much for listening
to shows I don't know how many y'all have listened to but thank you for thank
you for putting up with our nonsense let's play a family MC John rap and
then let's fuck off into the night
when you move your body to the beat
when you see everybody in the street you got the action I got the water we'll
put them both in a cup with our daughter family family on the street with a
bucket my name is MC John I'm here to mow the lawn I'd like to use a rake but
that grass will not take I gotta get up on the riding mower so faster don't go
slower mower round the trees yeah I fucked your mama hard I want to see you
next day night I don't want to get into a fight
I won't steal your socks or your shoes
family family thank you for coming to Harmon's John everybody
give it up a Rob Schrab Steve Agee Brandon Johnson Kumail Nanjiani Emily
Gordon the reason this all happened special criton in the game master
give it up for everybody that's helped us out I'll forget some names but Sarah
Kevin Zach you saw him church Chris Nolan Steve Levy Spencer Crittenden and I'm
a counselor Jeff Davis your mayor is Dan Harmon everybody did you get any of
that
my name is Dr. Ken here again I'm here in 9 and 10 I'm gonna come back again yo yo
my name is Dr. Ken I'm going to be here again when I go down to the evening
room I'm gonna fuck your mama in her womb
make her pregnant so she has a baby I'm gonna fuck her she said maybe if I raise
it with you it'll be rich but I said whoa it's gonna need another stitch a
peasy out of me a peasy-pleasy me I'm gonna do it through you until you do it
to me I take you to a place you've never been cuz I told you before my name is
Dr. Doctor Kim! Doctor Ken! Doctor Ken! Fucking all the mommas he's fucking all the mommas, he's fucking all the mommas, fucking all the mommas so good!
I put her down in the broom into the time, put your mama on the pipe so in the treatment time
Oh, put the ceiling at the floor, I fucked your mama a little bit, then I fucked her some more.
I fucked her from wall to wall, side to side, fucked your mama in a narrow opening and then the white.
Dr. Kent, Dr. Kent, fucking all the mamas, fucking all the mamas.
Great work!
Dr. Kent, Dr. Kent, fucking all the mamas, all the mamas.
I'm slowly, I'm slowly gonna do it to you then again, I'm gonna have a slave army tell you come again.
I'm gonna march through your walls and feed all your people, I'm gonna fuck up your churches and all your fucking steeples.
I'm gonna bring all my armies inside your walls, gonna fuck your mama so hot she's gonna think her name was...
Dr. Kent! Thank you!
That's a good song.
Were you happy with the episodes of Community that Rob directed?
Ah, they're great.
Yeah, I kept Yahoo alive, right?
It's like they went, yeah, oh shit!
Oh, fuck! Shit! How much do paintballs cost?
Oh my god! Oh my god! Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!
Fuck me! Just fuck me! Somebody just fuck me to death! I wanna die!
Oh my god! Oh Jesus Christ!
Maybe I read the numbers wrong, let's... Oh! It's worse! It's worse than I thought it was!
Mr. Yahoo, there is a board meeting that is happening actually in the room you're standing in right now.
Yeah, okay, okay, okay.
Someone just wanted to remind you of that.
I'm CEO, head of the stockholders and chief board member. My name is Johnson.
I'd like to know why we spent $30 billion this year on TV shows that no one wanted to watch.
The new form of comedy explains itself.
Roll the film, roll the film.
In the 1938 series of new form of comedy, look at those boys go.
Cary Grant's got a new form of comedy.
I'm just gonna leave.
Lisa Yahoo, you could find your own way home, right?
I'm only seven.
It's okay, here's $50.
I'm rich.
Look at those gams.
I'm gonna start my own network.
Good luck with that. Good luck with that.
It's super easy. It's so easy. Good luck. It's super easy. Good luck.
That's how Ciso was born.
Give us another joke, Dan.
Dan, how about a joke?
Here, let me give you a subject.
Shoes, go.
Give us a shoe joke.
Give us one of your famous Dan Harmon shoe jokes.
Dan, come on.
Top five Dan Harmon best shoe jokes.
We're starting with the fifth joke.
All right, here we go.
We're going live.
What's he doing?
We're going live, people.
We're going live.
All right. Jesus Christ, man.
Number five.
The guy walks into his shoe store with a bottle of champagne and his cock hanging out of his pants.
The shoe woman says, can I help you, sir?
And he says, what do you have in an 11 and a half?
She takes him in back.
There's a sheep there wearing a beautiful pair of ruby slippers on its front hooves.
And these amazing Air Jordan cross trainers on its rear hooves.
With this gaping mouth for a butthole, a human mouth with teeth and lipstick and a tongue.
She says, have at it and goes back to the front of the store.
He's left holding the champagne and his cock.
She's sweeping up later, he comes out with an empty bottle and no cock.
She says, did you enjoy the 11 and a half?
He says, at these prices, I'm going to need more champagne.
We'll be back with joke number four.
What do you call a shoe with no sole?
The top of a sock.
That was a little more cerebral than number five.
He's making us think.
Why did the Asian shoe in a racist society
go to the horse's stable when he felt untied?
They wanted to find the laces.
I was looking for the laces.
This is a racist society.
Here comes Dan Armand.
I do shoes come in pairs.
They like to converse.
We build the number one joke as the number one joke for a reason.
It has to top the converse joke.
The converse joke is a fucking 24 carat goddamn piece of cheese.
All he has to do is tell one more joke.
Because they like to converse.
It's got to be the best joke of the night.
Damn, I'm going to fucking...
We got a hit.
We got a big, titted hit here.
Big, titted hit here.
One more joke.
Oh, my God.
Emmy season.
Sweep, sweep.
Moonshot.
We're going to be so fucking rich.
All he has to do is tell one more shoe joke.
Only one more joke.
Oh, my God.
One more joke.
It's Susan and Gary from the booth.
Can you hear us?
Oh, God.
Holy shit.
Yes.
We're coming back from Tony Taco Time in five seconds.
Oh, my God.
Just be yourself up there, sweetheart.
We love you.
We got a big...
Kick it home, shoe boy.
Take it home.
Come on, shoe boy.
Come on.
Kick it.
Kick this joke.
Here we go.
In five, four, three.
What do shoes and tarps have in common?
What?
Under specific circumstances, they are covering corns.
That's been it for Dan Harmon Tells Shoes.
Yeah.
Okay.
Baby dance.
Big pile of booties out front.
Candid camera hosted by Alan Funt.
Saw your mama just the other day.
Got her on my knees and I started to pray.
Because your mama's booty is like a god to me.
It's all that I ever see, like a tucci roll in those old ads.
I fucked your mama.
The name is Tad.
Thaddeus by birth.
Then later shortened to the informal tad.
I took your mama to the beach.
I fed her apples.
I fed her a peach.
She started to get heartburn because the citric acid, that's what we learned is causing her
esophagus to fuck her up.
Now she's in a sarcophagus.
She's not dead.
She's just getting out of her head.
Little meditation exercise.
Fuck your mama between her tucci thighs.
Put my head inside.
I got reverse born.
Now I'm wide.
I'm wide.
W-I-E-E.
I meant to say it.
It's a new way to say cool.
Wide.
You're wide now.
All right.
I'm good.
I can't say, man.
That shit was wide.
Well, I was gone for far too long, but now I'm back.
I was gone and for too long, your Comptroller was black.
But now I'm back and here to stay.
And all I want to say is some people call me Pringles Dick.
But I never really found out why.
I don't really have a Pringles Dick.
I just keep my dick inside.
I keep my dick inside a Pringles can because it keeps my penis safe and dry.
Some people call me Pringles Dick.
But I never really found out.
No, I never found out.
I never really found out why.
If you know, sing along.
Some people call me Pringles Dick.
But I never found out why.
I don't really have a Pringles Dick.
I just keep my dick inside.
I keep my dick inside a Pringles can because it keeps my penis safe and dry.
Some people call me Pringles Dick.
But I never really found out.
I never really found out why.